Laughing 100 times is equivalent to 15 minutes of exercise on a stationary bike.
There are more bacteria in your mouth than there are people in the world.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television.
Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people.
You are about 1cm taller in the morning than in the evening.
During your lifetime, you will eat about 30,000kg of food – that’s the weight of about six African elephants.
In some parts of the world (one being Malaysia), parents protect their babies from disease by bathing them in beer.
Extreme music – such as heavy metal – can positively influence those experiencing anger.
It's not just coughs and sneezes that spread diseases. One single bacteria cell can multiply to become more than eight million cells in less than 24 hours. 
Joining clubs after retirement could extend your life. Bring on knitting and book club!
When you sneeze your body is getting rid of infected cells and an average sneeze will spread over 100,000 virus cells up to nine metres. On average, adults catch two to three colds each year. School-age children can have 12 or more colds in a year.
It is believed that the main purpose of eyebrows is to keep sweat out of the eyes.
Smokers reduce their life span expectancy by 11 minutes per cigarette.
Of the 206 bones in the average human adult's body, 106 are in the hands and feet. (54 in the hands and 52 in the feet).
Feeling down? Eating spinach, elk, oysters and crab have been proven to positively impact on your mood.
Doctors who work at Australian Antarctic stations are required to have their appendix removed prior to leaving.
Motorists who talk on cell phones are more impaired than drunk drivers with blood-alcohol levels exceeding .08.
Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour. Not that we recommend this!
Ever wondered why there are mirrors in front of the cardio section at gym? Watching yourself run in a mirror can make a treadmill workout go by faster and feel easier.
When we touch something, we send messages to our brain at 200 km/h.
Drink something hot to cool down
Your sweat is mostly made up of water
The strongest muscle in your body is your masseter (jaw muscle)
More than half your bones are located in your hands and feet
Cholesterol-free can be bad for your cholesterol
If you are tired, exercise will help
Cold temperature can be good for your health
Bananas can help improve your mood
Optimism may help you live longer