Laughing 100 times is equivalent to 15 minutes of exercise on a stationary bike.
There are more bacteria in your mouth than there are people in the world.
You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television.
Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people.
You are about 1cm taller in the morning than in the evening.
During your lifetime, you will eat about 30,000kg of food – that’s the weight of about six African elephants.
In some parts of the world (one being Malaysia), parents protect their babies from disease by bathing them in beer.
Extreme music – such as heavy metal – can positively influence those experiencing anger.
It's not just coughs and sneezes that spread diseases. One single bacteria cell can multiply to become more than eight million cells in less than 24 hours. 
Joining clubs after retirement could extend your life. Bring on knitting and book club!
When you sneeze your body is getting rid of infected cells and an average sneeze will spread over 100,000 virus cells up to nine metres. On average, adults catch two to three colds each year. School-age children can have 12 or more colds in a year.
It is believed that the main purpose of eyebrows is to keep sweat out of the eyes.
Smokers reduce their life span expectancy by 11 minutes per cigarette.
Of the 206 bones in the average human adult's body, 106 are in the hands and feet. (54 in the hands and 52 in the feet).
Feeling down? Eating spinach, elk, oysters and crab have been proven to positively impact on your mood.
Doctors who work at Australian Antarctic stations are required to have their appendix removed prior to leaving.
Motorists who talk on cell phones are more impaired than drunk drivers with blood-alcohol levels exceeding .08.
Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour. Not that we recommend this!
Ever wondered why there are mirrors in front of the cardio section at gym? Watching yourself run in a mirror can make a treadmill workout go by faster and feel easier.
When we touch something, we send messages to our brain at 200 km/h.
Drink something hot to cool down
Your sweat is mostly made up of water
The strongest muscle in your body is your masseter (jaw muscle)
More than half your bones are located in your hands and feet
Cholesterol-free can be bad for your cholesterol
If you are tired, exercise will help
Cold temperature can be good for your health
Bananas can help improve your mood
Optimism may help you live longer
“Health is a state of complete harmony of the body, mind and spirit. When one is free from physical disabilities and mental distractions, the gates of the soul open.” – B.K.S. Iyengar
“To ensure good health: eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness, and maintain an interest in life.” -William Londen
“Physical fitness is the first requisite of happiness.” – Joseph Pilates
“The human body has been designed to resist an infinite number of changes and attacks brought about by its environment. The secret of good health lies in successful adjustment to changing stresses on the body.” – Harry J. Johnson
“To keep the body in good health is a duty…otherwise we shall not be able to keep the mind strong and clear.” – Buddha
“Good health is not something we can buy. However, it can be an extremely valuable savings account.”-Anne Wilson Schaef
“You can’t control what goes on outside, but you CAN control what goes on inside.” – Unknown
“The cheerful mind perseveres, and the strong mind hews its way through a thousand difficulties.” – Swami Vivekananda
“It is health that is the real wealth, and not pieces of gold and silver.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“Keeping your body healthy is an expression of gratitude to the whole cosmos- the trees, the clouds, everything.” – Thich Nhat Hanh
“Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it, and watch the whole transform.” – Rene Descartes
“Every negative belief weakens the partnership between mind and body.” – Deepak Chopra
“Health is a state of complete mental, social and physical well-being, not merely the absence of disease or infirmity.” – World Health Organization, 1948
“The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will instruct his patients in care of the human frame, in diet, and in the cause and prevention of disease.” – Thomas Edison
“I have chosen to be happy because it is good for my health.” – Voltaire
“A sad soul can be just as lethal as a germ.” – John Steinbeck
“If you know the art of deep breathing, you have the strength, wisdom and courage of ten tigers.” – Chinese adage
“Remain calm, because peace equals power.”- Joyce Meyer
“Healthy citizens are the greatest asset any country can have.” – Winston Churchill
“A good laugh and a long sleep are the best cures in the doctor’s book.” – Irish proverb